hi everyone welcome to ingredient
challenge with me rosy bucket for BBC
good food in this episode I'm going to
be cooking with coconut milk and I'm
going to show you my delicious
all-in-one veggie coconut curry now this
is a brilliant thing to be cooking at
the moment because it's really easy it's
incredibly adaptable it's healthy it's
packed full of bench and it's all about
using up what you've got in your fridge
at the moment ok let me take you through
the ingredients so the base of this
curry is black mustard seeds curry
leaves white onion a clove of garlic and
a green chilli it's kind of based on a
Sri Lankan curry then I've got my spices
I've got turmeric I've got some roasted
curry powder some fennel seeds and a bit
of chilli powder salt coconut oil that's
gonna start the whole thing off and then
my veg now these are really adaptable so
whatever you've got that needs using
I've got a little bit of cauliflower a
leek a couple of carrots a corset and
then this is a tomato eat pasta sauce
that I have got in the fridge it really
needs using so I'm going to use that as
my tomato element you could use half a
tin of tinned tomatoes or failing that
about three nice medium size tomatoes
cut up into wedges then we've got our
full fat coconut milk I've got some
chard but you could use spinach or kale
finely chop your green chili
and garlic and that's the base of the
curry this leaps on its way out but all
you have to do is just peel off the
outer layer and then it's fine to use it
really is I'm doing this into some nice
big chunks here and carrots again I'm
just going to do those into nice key you
want nice bite-sized pieces really about
things that are gonna stand up to being
raised in the coconut milk and now the
cauliflower I'm just gonna chuck it up
like that
I'm also separating my charred stem from
the green and I'm putting the greens
aside and I'm finely chopping the stem
and that's gonna go with our mixed
vegging right so I've got my face of my
curry here at the onion garlic and
chilli and then I've got my mixed
vegging here which is the courgette
carrot cauliflower charred stem and leek
I've got my my chard leaves here and
what I'm gonna do now is just take pinch
of fennel seeds and put them in here
into my mixed veg and a teaspoon or half
a teaspoon of turmeric in here also
about 3/4 of a teaspoon of red chili
powder and that's going in there and
then I'm going to add in a big pinch of
salt and toss it all together
so in little thought here nice big pinch
and then I'm just combining all of those
spices with the veg here and I'm going
to let that just sit there while I start
cooking the face of the company
that's just to get the flavor going all
the way through the veg right I'm
melting about one and a half tablespoons
of coconut oil in this pan over a high
heat and I'm adding in my mustard seeds
here now you want to wait for those to
start popping and crackling like they
are and they're just infusing the oil
let them crackle for a few seconds then
you're going to add it your curry leaves
so in with the curry leaves and just
stir those to infuse the oil this is a
reasonably high heat and then when the
curry leaf starts to sizzle like that
that's when you want to add in the onion
garlic and green chili okay that
literally been cooking for like two
minutes
and as you see the onion isn't colors
but it is stopping down and it's at this
point when it stops it lets me smell
that garlic onion lovelies if you want
to add in your mixed veg so add that in
you can set that for feet popping limits
get this all cope together and fry it
just for a couple of minutes to start
heating up and getting all those flavors
combined
make sure that every bit of the
different beds you're getting in contact
with the pan and then you want to go in
with your tomatoes or your tomato sauce
or tomato get that in there put that all
over and if you're using fresh tomatoes
you want to stir this around and cook it
until the tomatoes stuck to slightly
break down release its juices and then
adding your roasted curry powder and
garam masala got a tablespoon tablespoon
in the half
burlap to coat it in this gorgeous
crisis
I'm just gonna cook those all together
for a few more minutes before we added
the coconut milk as you can see this is
getting some lovely color on it Matthew
all those gorgeous spices in the veg
it's just been cooking for a few minutes
all together and then I'm adding in my
coconut milk and you can see there this
is really creamy it's got a lovely layer
of cream and say let's just stir this
all in and you want the coconut milk to
sort of help you pick up any crust from
the bottom of the pan there and then
we're just gonna braise this veg and
this coconut milk and spices or good few
minutes until all the veg is tender and
cooked you can see this is looking
really really gorgeous and creamy and
smelling incredible it's gonna fill your
house with the most amazing smell what
you want to do now is just put the lid
on turn the heat down slightly and cook
it like this covered for about 10
minutes stirring every now and then to
make sure it doesn't stick on the bottom
of the pan and you just want to cook it
until the sauce is reduced the veggies
cook through and lovely and glossy right
this is things looking for about 10
minutes now and I've just taken the lid
off because I want to reduce it down a
bit
so that it's a bit less saucy but it's
up to you how wet or how dry you want
this curry and I'm just gonna go for a
little bit less moisture and then I'm
gonna add in those greens and whip them
through so this has been cooking with
the lid off now for a couple of minutes
and you can see it's reduced its really
glossy and dark and caramelized in
gorgeous and now I'm just gonna wilt in
these greens so they're going in there
you could add frozen peas at this point
that would be really nice or you can add
spinach or kale and you're just gonna
let that wilt through there and then
you're pretty much ready to go
and this is
with the greens wilted through it and
you can just see how rich and glossy
that is and how caramelized that coconut
milks gone and it's picked up all those
flavors from the roasted spicy as well
at this point I would taste it and if
you think it needs more salt add a bit
more salt or if you think it needs a bit
more acidity you could have a squeeze of
lemon or lime so here we are this is the
finished curry as you can see it's
looking really lovely and rich and
creamy and I'm just gonna serve it on
some very simple steamed rice there you
want to make sure you get a bit of all
the different veg that you've got in
there and then I'm just gonna serve it
with a little bit of lime pickled onion
over the top plenty of recipes for that
on BBC good food and a little bit of
coriander as well just to add a bit of
color because it's quite a it's quite a
brown curry but it's absolutely
delicious so there we go that's my
all-in-one vegetable coconut curry using
tinned coconut milk I hope you've
enjoyed this ingredient challenge and do
leave us a comment and Tagus if you make
the recipe